Increase Signed url auth time to avoid fail migrations due to queue times (#780)
github/gh-gei: RELEASENOTES.md

- Improve error messages when the specified target organization or enterprise cannot be found
- Mask the value for `AWS_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_SECRET_KEY` parameters in log output
- Fix log output so we don't say we've finished upload to Azure Blob Storage when you're actually using Amazon S3

> - Extend the validity of blob storage signed URLs so migration can still be successful even if there is a long queue of migrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extend the expiration of blob storage signed URLs from 24hrs to 48hrs so migration can still be successful even if there is a long queue of migrations
```
